The Hint Library License Agreement

This is a legal agreement between you and Stefan Meier covering your use
of The Hint Library. Be sure to read the following agreement before using
the software. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT
USE THE SOFTWARE AND DESTROY ALL COPIES OF IT.
This copyright software is distributed as freeware. You may use this
software without any charge and may distribute to others. The software is
owned by Stefan Meier and is protected by FR Germany copyright laws and
international treaty provisions. Therefore, you must treat the software
like any other copyrighted material (e.g., a book or musical recording).

You may not rent or lease the software, nor may you modify, adapt,
translate, reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the software.
If you violate any part of this agreement, your right to use this software
terminates automatically and you then destroy all copies of this software
in your possession.

The software and related documentation are provided "AS IS" and without
warranty of any kind and the author expressly disclaims all other warranties,
express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties
of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Under no
circumstances shall Stefan Meier be liable for any incidental, special
or consequential damages that result from the use or inability to use the
software or related documentation, even if Stefan Meier has been advised
of the possibility of such damages.

If you intent to write THL-files with the included editor and distribute them
you should always contact me to tell me about your project and check out if
anyone else is working on a hint file for the given game. Although the use
of the software is free you are NOT ALLOWED to take charge for your individual
THL-files.

Distribution through retail and wholesale stores requires specific
written permission.
Distribution through "magazine- compact disks" or "magazines-floppy disks"
requires specific written permission.
No distributor may charge more than $8 US (or the appropriate value in
other currencies, e.g. 12 DM) for this archive.

Vendors' entire collection of THL files must be stored on a reasonably
small number of disks; distribution of hint files over excessive numbers
of disks is prohibited.  No more than $8 US (or the appropriate value in
other currencies, e.g. 12 DM) may be charged for any disk containing THL files.
These terms are a condition of distribution of this archive and apply
to all THL files written by any hint author.

Right to distribute this archive may be terminated by written
notice, and distributors must stop distributing this archive 30 days
after the date of the notice.  Termination of the right to distribute
does not affect distributors' other duties in this license.

Many thanks go to Detlef Meister for his freeware project MPICVIEW. Parts of
this project are used for displaying JPEG,TARGA and PCX files.
You can contact Detlef Meister at:
http://w3.rz.fhtw-berlin.de/~meister/index.html
Meister@rz.fhtw-berlin.de
 
Enjoy The Hint Library!

Stefan Meier, Erfstr. 65, D-52249 Eschweiler, Germany
AOL:
SMeier7777
E-Mail:
SMeier7777@aol.com
Stefan.Meier@post.rwth-aachen.de